here's the hard truth people don't
necessarily want you to succeed and the
bigger your dream the more people that
are going to come out of the woodwork to
try to stop you as all of our M Burton
said the only way to avoid pissing
people off is to do nothing important
but if you're striving for something
important if you're trying to make real
change if there's something in your life
B you are absolutely hell-bent to make
happen you have got to understand that
you're going to be fighting against
something people are going to be pushing
back against you and it is going to be
your ability to hold true to that vision
that's going to determine whether you
can pull it off and as Victor Hugo said
you have enemies good
it means you stood up for something at
some point in your life and that's what
people myth they somehow want to get
through this unscathed they somehow hope
that with this grand change that they
want to make that people just all in
love that they see your vision that they
fall in line behind you that they want
you to lead them that's not the way that
people work having a vision already puts
you in an incredibly rare group of
people being able to see something that
other people can't see that is the role
of a visionary is literally to interpret
the world that other people don't even
know exist and bring it into fruition
and get people excited about to get them
to fall in line but understand when you
build an army you will have an opposing
force but as Mark Twain said keep away
from those who try to belittle your
ambition
small people always do that but the
really great ones they make you believe
that you too can become great and that's
the kind of person that you wanted to
round yourself with you want to surround
yourself with people that believe in you
you want to surround yourself with
people even when they can't see it they
can see you even when they don't
understand what you're trying to build
they believe in you and they're willing
to get in line and they're willing to
meet that opposing force and when you're
able to galvanize people around your
idea and push it forward and pay for
them the world not as it is but as it
could be that's when you can make change
but you can't be afraid to piss people
off you have to know that they're coming
for you and you have to be willing to
fight because if you're not willing to
fight you might as well sit down now so
if you're going to be one of the few
that stands up you've got to stand up
prepared for war
[Music]